1)  Problem: Tried to create the background color of the header by adding a margin to the logo or nav. This caused the two elements to not line up.
    Cause: The margin would be long and collide with eachother which forced the nav element to a new line.
    Solution: Adding the header class to the header element and styling the background color of the class that is a parent to the logo and nav.

2)  Problem: The welcome-img wouldn't load in.
    Cause: I had set the styling rule under the welcome-img ID to background-image.
    Solution: I set the styling rule to background.

3)  Problem: The intro image was on a different line to the intro.
    Cause: I didn't include the rule float:right.
    Solution: Included the rule float:right, however the problem was still there.
    Cause: I didn't account for the margin, border or padding so the width's were too wide to fit in-line.
    Solution: I lowered the width to 47%.

4)  Problem: The social links won't line up correctly within the footer.
    Cause: The margins and padding was wrong.
    Solution: Played with the margins and padding once all the elements of the footer were in place.

5)  Problem: The line isn't showing beneath the active page.
    Cause: .active isnt appearing.
    Solution: 

6)  Problem: Images won't load on the deployed page, but work fine on the http.server through python.
    Cause: The file directory doesnt work with a / at the start.
    Solution: Remove the / at the start.

7)  Problem: The titles wern't displaying properly on the tab.
    Cause: I forgot to change the <title> Elements on gallery and contact.
    Solution: Corrected the <title> Elements.

8)  Problem: After turning the nav into a table with the icons, the nav has changed position.
    Cause: I didnt close the table element.
    Solution: Closed the element with </table>

9) Problem: the opacity on the overlay buttons are in two different levels.
    Cause: I added a background color of "rgb(52, 208, 186, .5)" to both the container and the h2 element.
    Solution: Remove the background color from the h2 element with "background: none;"

